OSDOCS 17429 AutoSizingReserved is enabled by default (#103868)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nodes-nodes-resources-configuring-about.adoc

The memory reservation is weighted. For smaller nodes, {product-title} reserves a higher percentage of memory. For larger nodes, {product-title} reserves a smaller percentage of the remaining capacity. 
+
{product-title} uses the following calculations to determine how much memory to reserve for node and system components:
+
--
* 25% of the first 4 GiB of memory
* 20% of the next 4 GiB of memory (up to 8 GiB)
* 10% of the next 8 GiB of memory (up to 16 GiB)
* 6% of the next 112 GiB of memory (up to 128 GiB)
* 2% of any memory above 128 GiB
--
+
For example, on node with 16 GiB of memory, {product-title} reserves 2.6 GiB for node and system components, leaving approximately 13.4 GiB for workloads.

CPU reservation::
{product-title} uses the following logic to determine how much CPU to reserve for node and system components:
+
--
* {product-title} starts with a base allocation for 1 CPU in fractions of a core (60 millicores = 0.06 CPU core).
* Then, it increments 12 millicores (0.012 CPU) for every additional core beyond the first.
* The result is compared against a minimum floor of 0.5 CPU. If the calculated value is less than 0.5, the system enforces a reservation of 0.5 CPU.
--
+

> For example, on a 4-core node, 0.5 vCPU is reserved for node and system components, leaving 3.5 vCPUs for workloads. Note that 1000m is equal to 1CPU/vCPU.

Reviewer: Will it be obvious to the intended audience what the `m` stands for in `1000m`, or should it be spelled out?
```suggestion
For example, on a 4-core node, 0.5 vCPU is reserved for node and system components, leaving 3.5 vCPUs for workloads. Note that 1000 m is equal to 1CPU/vCPU.
```
